greetings this is ron's malik with a
special edition of my quick reviews for
custom maps for minecraft today i am
going to unveil my 200th map review
that's right i've reviewed 200 maps
before i get into that one i've decided
to throw in a bonus I've taken five of
my favorite match from my old rating
scale and move them over to the 20-point
scale first map is called archaeologists
Island this is a survival map in which
you play the role of an archaeologists
digging up artifacts and making some
discoveries along the way this map is by
divin ups and scored a 15 out of 20 on
my rating scale the next map is an
adventure map entitled bad weather bicos
ash also scoring a 15 of 20 on the scale
bad weather follows a classic storyline
of being washed ashore on an unknown
land what was one of the first that I
played with this theme the next edit at
your map is called falling to war phone
tours by and Meister and it received a
14 out of 20 on my rating scale this is
the first and possibly the only map I
played to date where you are a member of
an army parachuting down into aid
ongoing battle and task disabling and
nuclear device the next two maps should
be well known most of you the first one
is entitled the red mark mystery 5 bill
your valve which received a 16 out of 20
on my rating scale the red mark mystery
is
need a detective story that takes an
interesting turn
and the last map that I moved over was
the legend of flint and steel by my good
friend Lucas legend of flint steel is a
classic puzzler with an inspiring ended
they received a 16 out of 20 on my
rating scale now on to my 200th map
review and it is the fall of Gondolin by
MC meat MC meat is actually a team of
math makers who decided to take on the
Lord of the Rings this is a very
well-crafted Lord of the Rings adventure
it is epic in both beauty and size and
it comes with its own custom texture
pack personally I don't know where it
fits into the overall Lord of the Rings
mythology but it was certainly enjoyable
as a standalone story the fall of
Gondolin received a four and creativity
a four in detail a 3 in its storyline
for in its difficulty and a 3 in its
progression for a total score of 18 out
of 20 I have only two gripes with this
map and the first is similar to other
Lord of the Rings offerings I found
myself getting a little bit impatient
with some of the very long walks second
one was that there were a few modern
jokes mixed into an otherwise serious
storyline so if you don't mind those two
items you will definitely be impressed
would be size and detail of the city of
Gotham so thanks for everyone who is
stuck with me through these map reviews
and supported these map makers i look
forward to reviewing another 200 left in
you